[Music]
Yes,
hello, how are you family, good afternoon.
I hope you're enjoying the day. And
well, you've probably already heard.
Today we had to say goodbye,
a sad goodbye.
A great, unforgettable role model has left us,
indisputably one of the
most well-known people in the world of gossip, we
could even say that he's an icon.
Okay, he's been an icon in the world of
tabloids. He's worked in some
way, directly or indirectly, in almost
all of the publications that have to
do with the world of tabloids. He's
also
surely stepped on every plate in the world of
tabloids. And we're talking about the fact that he's
left us, underwater by underwater. He
left us at 79 years of age after
battling bladder cancer for several months.
It's a cancer that, well, has been getting worse and worse,
his health, he's
been
crying. In fact, in the last
images that we've been able to see of the
reporter, the journalist, well,
the images were more and more noticeable, his condition
was declining quite a bit. We must
also remember that not many years ago,
specifically in 2017, he overcame
skin cancer, which, well, he was in a state
of health that was quite
tired, quite exhausted, which entails
a  cancer no also wounds appeared
on his face that he hid with his beard and
well he was spending a few last few years
more declining in health the truth is very bad
luck today almost all of his colleagues the
truth is all the gossip press
is dedicating some words to
remember and to say goodbye to
this journalist who with his ups and
downs in the end throughout
his life has always been
very loved and sometimes very hated
but always left his mark everywhere he
went all the journalists know him
all the hair
presenters he has photos with people from
the royal house he has met people in
politics really an incredible story
and nothing simply from here send
a big hug to the family as it
could not be otherwise
and always remember him as an icon as
an icon of the gossip press as an
icon in the world of the talk show of
when programs like
tombola begin no the programs that begin to be
brought to television the pink press where they
face celebrities no and he has been one
of the one of the characters that has
paved the way for many collaborators
so nothing family sad and
unexpected goodbye what
some people well  They saw it coming
because they had hoped that the
state of health would improve but
unfortunately it could not be
a family hug
[Music]